Game title: Joust 

Short description of the game:
Joust is a game involving both playing cards and a die, where you are all knights facing off each other in a grand tournament. Each turn, someone selected by the royal family chooses another knight to joust, rolling a die to try and knock them off their horse. If you get knocked off your horse 3 times, you lose the game.

Game elements:
* Standard deck of 52 playing cards
* 1 die (any die can be used; we personally use a 6-sided die).

Number of players and age restriction: 
* 3+ players
* No age restrictions

Game rules and procedures:
1. Everyone (3 or more people) draws 3 cards.
2. Everyone reveals their hand.
2. The person with the best hand has “initiative” and can choose someone to joust.
	a. The "best hand" is determined by the following rules:
		1. Their hand contains cards in increasing order (Jack, Queen, King).
		2. They have all 4 of the same card.
		3. They have 3 of the same card.
		4. They have a pair of matching cards (2 4s, 2 8s).
		5. If nobody has any pairs, the person with the highest value on their cards is the winner (i.e., 9 beats a 7).
			i. If there is a tie, a dice roll is used to determine who has initiative.
	a. If playing with 4 or more players, the person with the "worst" hand (i.e., fewest number of pairs, or lowest-value face card) has immunity.
3. The jouster and their target both roll a die.
	a. The winner of the die roll is determined by who rolls the higher number.
	b. If the outcome of the die is the same, both players re­roll until there is a winner.
4. Everyone places their cards into a discard pile.
	a. The loser of the die roll keeps one of the cards they drew this turn (they can choose which) and inserts the rest back into the deck.
	b. If keeping a card would cause the loser to have 3 cards, they are eliminated.
5. When the deck is getting low on cards, shuffle the discard pile back into the deck.
6. Once play has narrowed down to 2 people, they each draw 3 cards one last time. The person with the best hand is the winner of the game.